Update log-files.md (#8105)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/log-files.md

The files will be available in ~/.config/Microsoft/Microsoft Teams/logs.txt.
  
To collect logs for Windows:
Click on the Microsoft Teams icon in your system tray, and select **Collect support files**.
The logs.txt file will be opened in Notepad automatically.    

> When investigating problems logging into Teams you may need to manually collect the Desktop logs. These log files are located at %appdata%\Microsoft\Teams in Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When investigating problems signing into Teams you may need to manually collect the desktop logs. These log files are located at %appdata%\Microsoft\Teams in Windows.
```

The files will be available in ~/.config/Microsoft/Microsoft Teams/logs.txt.
  
To collect logs for Windows:

> Click on the Microsoft Teams icon in your system tray, and select **Collect support files**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Right-click (or select and hold) on the Microsoft Teams icon in the taskbar notification area, and select **Collect support files**.
```
1. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/r/right-click
2. https://devblogs.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20030910-00/?p=42583

Author: Thanks for correctly indicating this is a right-click function. I don't know what select and hold refers to. Users have to right-click for this option.

Reviewer 2: That's how a right-click is done on touch-enabled devices 🙂 Just using the inclusive phrasing suggested by the style guide.

Author: Sounds good! Thanks.
